docs/installation-guide.rst, before:

.. This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0
.. Copyright (C) 2020 AT&T Intellectual Property


Installation Guide
==================

.. contents::
   :depth: 3
   :local:

Installation
------------

The `ricxappframe` is available in `PyPi <https://pypi.org/project/ricxappframe>`_ . Use pip to install the version you want.

Installing the ricxappframe does NOT install the underlying rmr system dependency.
The underlying dependencies are in C.
For information on how to install rmr itself, see here for `packages <https://wiki.o-ran-sc.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=3605041>`_ and here to install from `source <https://wiki.o-ran-sc.org/display/RICP/RMR+Building+From+Source>`_.
Alternatively, you can borrow a script (note, this file contains an rmr version that is subject to change!) in the `a1 <https://gerrit.o-ran-sc.org/r/gitweb?p=ric-plt/a1.git;a=blob;f=integration_tests/install_rmr.sh;h=70ee489ba2895ea67ca2c93ecefb2776ba2c9ff3;hb=78ba273b279a7e7af6dba811a29746b881a53a8e>`_ repo.

Commit message:

Add generated API doc to RST
The ReadTheDocs builder will never have RMR library installed,
so it's nearly impossible to use the sphinx autodoc API generator
to extract Pydoc strings from the code.  This hack adds the
generated strings to a static file which will require manual
maintenance, poor but an improvement on zero documentation.

Signed-off-by: Lott, Christopher (cl778h) <cl778h@att.com>
Change-Id: Icf3121c960424eb5f83eac76dbcae55d2f64624b

docs/installation-guide.rst, after:

.. This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0
.. Copyright (C) 2020 AT&T Intellectual Property


Installation Guide
==================

.. contents::
   :depth: 3
   :local:

The `ricxappframe` is available in `PyPi <https://pypi.org/project/ricxappframe>`_ .
Use pip to install the version you want.

Installing the ricxappframe package does NOT install the required RMR system library,
a shared object written in C and available for most Linux systems.
For information on how to install the RMR system library, see here for
`DEB/RPM packages <https://wiki.o-ran-sc.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=3605041>`_
and here to install from
`source <https://wiki.o-ran-sc.org/display/RICP/RMR+Building+From+Source>`_.
Alternatively, you can use a script (note, this file contains an RMR version
that is subject to change!) in the
`a1 <https://gerrit.o-ran-sc.org/r/gitweb?p=ric-plt/a1.git;a=blob;f=integration_tests/install_rmr.sh;h=70ee489ba2895ea67ca2c93ecefb2776ba2c9ff3;hb=78ba273b279a7e7af6dba811a29746b881a53a8e>`_
repo.
