docs/user-guide.rst, before:

.. This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0
.. Copyright (C) 2020 AT&T Intellectual Property

User Guide
==========

This document explains how to develop an Xapp using the RIC Xapp framework.
Information for maintainers of this framework is in the Developer Guide.

Xapp writers should use the public classes and methods from the Xapp Python
framework package as documented below.


Class RMRXapp
-------------

Application writers should extend this class to implement a reactive Xapp;
also see class Xapp.

.. autoclass:: ricxappframe.xapp_frame.RMRXapp
    :members:

Class Xapp
----------

Application writers should extend this class to implement a general Xapp;
also see class RMRXapp.

.. autoclass:: ricxappframe.xapp_frame.Xapp
    :members:


Class SDLWrapper
----------------

Application writers may instantiate this class directly to communicate with the SDL service.

.. autoclass:: ricxappframe.xapp_sdl.SDLWrapper
    :members:

Commit message:

Add configuration-change API
If a configuration file path is defined in an environment variable,
use the Linux kernel's inotify feature to define a watcher on that file.
Xapps that subclass RMRXapp can supply a configuration-change handler
that the framework invokes on write events by polling the watcher.
Xapps that subclass Xapp must invoke a method to poll the watcher.

Bump version to 1.3.0

Issue-ID: RIC-425
Signed-off-by: Lott, Christopher (cl778h) <cl778h@att.com>
Change-Id: I070b36bc7e5a9dcd66c08da0304f7bf9e6a794a1

docs/user-guide.rst, after:

.. This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0
.. Copyright (C) 2020 AT&T Intellectual Property

User Guide
==========

This document explains how to develop an Xapp using the RIC Xapp framework.
Information for maintainers of this framework is in the Developer Guide.

Xapp writers should use the public classes and methods from the Xapp Python
framework package as documented below.


Class _BaseXapp
---------------

Although this base class should not be used directly, it is inherited by
the public classes shown below and all of this class's public methods are
available for use by application writers.

.. autoclass:: ricxappframe.xapp_frame._BaseXapp
    :members:


Class RMRXapp
-------------

Application writers should extend this class to implement a reactive Xapp;
also see class Xapp.

.. autoclass:: ricxappframe.xapp_frame.RMRXapp
    :members:

Class Xapp
----------

Application writers should extend this class to implement a general Xapp;
also see class RMRXapp.

.. autoclass:: ricxappframe.xapp_frame.Xapp
    :members:


Class SDLWrapper
----------------

Application writers may instantiate this class directly to communicate with the SDL service.

.. autoclass:: ricxappframe.xapp_sdl.SDLWrapper
    :members:
